Clarify localterraform.com docs, add CLI-workflow version requirement (#334)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/registry/using.mdx

```

### Generic Hostname - Terraform Cloud and Terraform Enterprise

> You can use the generic hostname `localterraform.com` in module sources to reference modules without modifying the Terraform Cloud or Terraform Enterprise instance. When you run Terraform, it automatically requests any `localterraform.com` modules from the instance it is running on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the generic hostname `localterraform.com` in module sources to reference modules without modifying the Terraform Cloud or Terraform Enterprise instance. When you run Terraform, it automatically requests any `localterraform.com` modules from the instance it runs on.
```

}
```

> ~> **Important:** Terraform CLI v1.4.0+ is required for CLI-driven workflows.

Reviewer: Tiny tweak to move the colon out of the bold and use active voice:
```suggestion
~> **Important**: CLI-driven workflows require Terraform CLI v1.4.0 or above.
```
